Arcade Battle Arena Challenge!

Make a game like the classics Bubble Bobble and Super Mario Bros 3 Battle Mode. Those games involve one or two players battling against waves of enemies on an arena.

Game Requirements

    The game must have:
        Start screen
        Key to return to the start screen
        Score system
        Minimum of 2 enemies with different behavior (AI)
        Graphics at least for the UI, player and enemies
        Sound effects at least for when the player is hurt and when an enemy is killed
    The actual gameplay must happen on a single screen (no camera translation)

Art Requirements

    The game can be 2D or 3D
    The art must use a maximum 16 colors palette
    The art must be your own

Tips

    An interesting game design approach of the two games is that they require the player to neutralize the enemy first, before killing it:
        In the Super Mario Bros 3 Battle Mode, to kill an enemy, the player must first hit underneath the platform where the enemy is walking on
        In Bubble Bobble, to kill an enemy, the player must first shot a bubble on the enemy
    You can quickly make sound effects on Chiptone
    You can decrease your color count by replacing two similar colors with a median between the two colors. This works nicely for similar dark colors or similar light colors
    Enemy behavior can involve:
        Response to the environment. What is the kind of tile that the enemy is currently at? What are the kind of tiles that are in front or behind the enemy?
        Response to the player. Where is the player? Is it too far away? Is it close? In front or behind? How the enemy will respond to that?
        Motion pattern. Does the enemy walk on the platform and stop for some time? Does it fly? Games like Super Mario World are good examples with a great variety of enemy patterns.
    The tutorials on Youtube by Shaun Spalding teach some enemy programming. They are for Game Maker, but the logic can be translated to other game engine or framework:
        https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wmnaOLI6RzE
        https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=StO_Zf8nagI
        https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aNd_JotUOXE

Duration

4 weeks - October 6, 2017 to November 3, 2017

Submission

Post on this thread only your entries:

    Link to the executable (specifying the platform)
    Screenshots: if the screenshots are too big, post just a few, if they are small, you can post more, just don't take the entire space
    A small post-mortem, in the same post of the entry, is encouraged, where you can share what went right, what went wrong, or just share a nifty trick
    Source-code link is encouraged